try and sign everyone all right
I find you excited
tell her buddy your name oh she's
getting ready together clearing throat
can you tell them your name your song
yes
say hi you say hi people like it
sweetheart that's okay let's let's start
off with some animal sounds first can
you do okay got a clearing throat let's
do a wolf oh good how about a bird eat a
bird get Kate an owl I'll have that
rooster how about a penguin you get
penguin go baby penguin for you how
about a chimpanzee good job I'm saying
can you do a pig point five points
sometimes I get chunky you think they
need to go on a diet my boy Oh
how about diet how about some Tigers
from the jungle
yeah they growl what about a skunk thank
her let's do some sound effects -
spaceship good spaceship with the laser
yeah
yes can you fall down there you guys a
little flat and does that hurt maybe
could you whisper that's good how about
evil sing some opera let's just listing
some opera there you go
Kenya - oh my god this is a lot of hard
work it's just a lot of hard work
yeah it's gonna wear you out but we're
not done yet what do you think go crazy
for everybody can you go crazy go crazy
Wow all right she loves to party so can
you just get down let's get down
[Applause]
deafness for you he needs up to drink
here no you don't drink beer you drink
water that's much better
alright but you have to wait till later
because I have a problem with tomorrow
what's the matter you lost my dog can
you call the dog here good job right
beside don't see the dog anywhere I
don't want this to be boring you'd be
boring yeah well we all love you we know
that you're famous are you famous yeah
[Applause]
what do you say when it's time to go